Add docs for pre-release version compatibility (#78317)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/upgrade.asciidoc

of the products in your Elastic Stack. For more information, see the
{stack-ref}/upgrading-elastic-stack.html[Elastic Stack Installation and Upgrade Guide].

ifeval::["{release-state}"!="unreleased"]
[[upgrade-pre-release]]
NOTE: This documentation is for {es} {version} which is not yet released. You
may run a pre-release build of {es} for testing, and you may upgrade from an

> earlier released version to a pre-release build of {es} {version}, but

Reviewer: I think this should be the last released version. Otherwise, this implies you could upgrade from 6.8 to the 8.0 pre-release build.
```suggestion
last released version to a pre-release build of {es} {version}. However,
```

Author: :+1: good point, I added "if permitted by the compatibility table above" instead since we do permit folks to upgrade from earlier versions too.
